the evocative setting of the cloister of the
Bramante in Rome hosts until June 5th
the exhibition dedicated to the Anglo painter
Dutch alma tadema and painting
from the nineteenth century English through the
selection of 50 works part of one of the
most important private collections
of Latin America
that of the Mexican patron perez
simon the event is by veronique
gérard powell the artists of aesthetics
moment have different languages ​​between
their
from the languid style of layton has
decorative neoclassical language of
moore up to that photographic scholar
spectacular alma tadema or di
goldwire he very close though
these are distinct in their personalities
artists share research
of the spell made of rose petals i
cut flowers in cloth vases from
vivid colors and precious embroidery in
delegator pomp environments between marbles and
lights of mirrors to the paintings of
neoclassical derivation are placed side by side
those of the Pre-Raphaelites who opposed to
all forms of academicism prefer the
spirituality of medieval culture
giving and shakespeare the biblical themes la
sensuality Case angel woman
the romantic symbol is the
subject therefore the myth the literature
the eternity of classical history e
medieval but also details and scenes of
daily intimacy protagonist of the
woman heroine and mythological figures
allegorical bourgeois young mothers
angels or demons the most female figures
sometimes they don't look
to the spectator melancholy by lot o
with a rare hint of a smile yes
they let you admire buildings almost
nostalgic intimate memory more than
bare presence in theirs
purity as the nymph of layton or sometimes
to sought out clothes like beings of long
sweetness reluctance but also beauty
inviting that charms and looks at us in the
eyes like the won sax player
languid wrapped in stone necklaces
precious and with transparencies that
show the signs
closed in itself the girl of acs
simply beautiful wonder of wonder
framed by the abstract veins of
a white marble woman like mother
earthly paradise of alma tadema exhibition
an elegant lady pours in loving
abandon on a child's blond curls
the sophistication of the details is lively
accompanies a maternal feeling that
almost religious, beauty is there
in the intimacy of that embrace and not
somewhere else
the path of the spectator ends
first in front of the small sketch
heliogabalus and roses
later in front of the work
completed Dalmatian painting dema in 1888
the work is the most important piece
suggestive of the large exhibition
dimensions
the painting tells the death of the
guests and the Roman emperor the eau
gabalo suffocated by a rain of
virtuosic style of rose petals
sensual of the work distances every form
of drama fabrics marbles flowers men and
what's this
confused and distinct in a realization
festive and almost photographic guests
immersed a profusion of petals
they look at the viewer Mills
the emperor his mother assist in art
the scene Victorian characters in the
robes of ancient Romans simply in
posing nostalgia classic exercises
style and aesthetic sophistication of
an artistic language far from
revolution that impressionists and posts
impressionists were bringing in
europa but which bears witness to
collection for simon constitutes from the
those decades the object of renewed and alive
interest